JOB TITLE: Senior Product Marketing Manager

A leading pharmaceutical company committed to developing and commercializing innovative and high-quality medicines that improve the lives of patients is now hiring for a Senior Product Marketing Manager. This role will be responsible for developing and executing marketing strategies for one or more pharmaceutical products. This individual will work closely with cross-functional teams including sales, medical affairs, market research, and commercial operations to develop and implement integrated marketing plans that drive product awareness, adoption, and revenue growth.
Responsibilities: Develop and implement integrated marketing plans for our pharmaceutical productsAct as the Marketing point on patient support initiatives including, patient HUB, patient advocacy groups, and bridge programLeverage insights and analysis of customer needs and market environment to inform marketing strategies and develop tactical plansWork closely with cross-functional teams to develop and execute product-specific promotional campaigns across multiple channels including digital, print, and events.Manage product-specific budgets and track performance against marketing objectives and KPIs. Participate in the development of product launch plans and ensure effective execution of launch activities. Collaborate with Training to identify training needs and develop and deliver sales force training materials to address these needs﻿Requirements: Minimum of 7 years of experience in pharmaceutical product marketing, with a demonstrated track record of success. Experience in immunology and preferably, in gastroenterology Strong knowledge of the pharmaceutical industry, including regulatory requirements, product development, and commercialization. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively across cross-functional teams. Strong analytical skills and ability to analyze market research data to inform marketing strategies. Ability to manage budgets and track performance against marketing objectives. Ability to work independently and in a team environment.Willingness to travel up to 20% of is required.
