JOB TITLE: Osteogenic Loading Coach

Company DescriptionOsteoStrong® is not a gym, diet, supplement, pharmaceutical, or a medical treatment. OsteoStrong® is a unique place where you can go to improve your overall health by focusing on the one thing we all have in common: a skeletal system.The skeletal system is the foundation for your body and provides more than just strength and protection. It is arguably one of the most critical systems of the human body, and by implementing a strategy to care for and strengthen it, many experience the following results:
• Improved bone density• Improved posture• Improved balance• Improved athletic performance• Less joint and back pain
OsteoStrong® works for people at all ages and levels of activity to promote skeletal strength which impacts the entire body in many ways using a process known as Osteogenic Loading. Sessions are quick, painless, and results are measurable and happen quickly. There are a few things to know prior to coming in your first time so that you can make the best of the experience. Job DescriptionAre you passionate about empowering others? We mainly work with women over 50, to help rebuild lost bone density so they can age with strength and grace. Join our fun team at OsteoStrong as a coach! We are specifically focused on building bone density, fracture prevention, and strength and balance improvement. We are one of the fastest-growing wellness franchises in the world and are committed to helping others live healthier, more fulfilling lives. What we do allows people to continue to do the things that bring them joy! Are you looking for three day weekends virtually every week? We're open Monday through Thursday and do not expect 40 hours from you.
Responsibilities:Instruct/coach members daily on our four osteogenic loading devices. The osteogenic loading devices help members effectively load their own skeletal system safely. The result is significantly increasing bone density at a rate of 7-14% in 1 year, thereby reducing the risk of fractures, while improving overall strength, stamina and balance. Educate clients on proper form and technique (Don't worry; we'll train you how to do this!) to prevent injuries and maximize effectiveness of their weekly sessions.Assist members with our other "Bio Hack" therapies: red light therapy, PEMI (pulsed electromagnetic induction therapy), compression boots, hydromassage, and vibration therapy. Be friendly because our members expect results and we deliver; but what matters most is how you make them feel today!Learn about bone health, osteoporosis, and fracture prevention, etc. Communicate clearly with kindness via phone, text, and email.Help ensure a fun, supportive, and energizing experience for our members, delivering exceptional customer service at all times.Use computers for administration, and member communication. Requirements:A bachelor's degree in exercise science, kinesiology, sports science, or a related field preferred but not required. Experience in the health field is a plus.Relevant certifications such as Certified Personal Trainer (CPT), Certified Strength and Conditioning Specialist (CSCS), or equivalent, with a focus on senior fitness is highly desirable.Previous experience in coaching, personal training, or wellness helps.Strong interest in helping others, and predominantly an aging population to live better lives.Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to build rapport and motivate individuals of diverse backgrounds and fitness levels.Empathetic and compassionate approach, with the ability to create a supportive environment for members.Strong organizational skills and attention to detail, ensuring accurate documentation, record-keeping, and communication.Ability to work independently as well as collaboratively within a team.
Benefits:Osteogenic Loading equipment for yourself and a significant other. Free access to all our modalities! Red light Therapy, Hydromassage, Pulse Electromagnetic therapy (PEMI Mat), Normatec Compression therapy, vibration therapy, and X3 (variable resistance training program) 
Experience:Customer service: 1 year (Preferred)Health, Fitness, or Medical: 1 year (Preferred)
Interested applicants should email a cover letter with resume to anchoragemidtown@osteostrong.me OsteoStrong is an equal opportunity employer.
