JOB TITLE: Marketing & Office Coordinator

About Revesco Properties:Revesco Properties is a boutique commercial real estate investment, development, and management firm headquartered in Denver, CO. Revesco operates under three primary business units: Revesco Properties, Revesco Properties Trust and Elitch Gardens/The River Mile Development. Revesco Properties specializes in finding unique, urban-infill development sites in Denver to build projects that are accretive to the neighborhoods by utilizing interesting architectural elements and adding amenities such as retail. Revesco Properties Trust is a real estate investment trust that is focused on raising Canadian equity to acquire ownership in open-air shopping centers and mixed-use properties in select U.S. markets. And, The River Mile is a 62-acre urban-infill redevelopment at scale in the heart of downtown Denver in the current location of Elitch Gardens, along the banks of the South Platte River.
Position Summary: Revesco Properties is looking for an experienced and versatile Marketing and Office Coordinator who is eager to excel in all aspects of the job. The ideal candidate has experience in developing, creating, and executing marketing campaigns while managing a variety of other tasks in an office environment. The coordinator should be equally proficient with day-to-day marketing activities and long-term strategizing and strive under tight deadlines to meet the company's changing needs. The coordinator has a no-task-is-too-small, team-player attitude who is an expert at creative problem-solving. 
Marketing Responsibilities:
Marketing Strategies: Formulate and execute marketing plans and strategies aligned with the company's objectives and target audience. Brand Management: Maintain and enhance the company's brand image. Ensure brand consistency across all marketing channels and campaigns.Campaign Planning and Execution: Plan, coordinate, and execute marketing campaigns across various channels such as digital, print, social media, and events.Content Strategy: Develop content strategies for different marketing channels, including website, social media, email marketing, and advertising.Sales Collateral: Create and maintain sales collateral such as brochures, product sheets, presentations, etc. to support the Business Development team and drive customer engagement.Marketing Event Management: Collaborate with non-profit partners to plan and coordinate various events and volunteer opportunities.Analytics and Reporting: Track and analyze marketing performance metrics. Measure the effectiveness of marketing campaigns and initiatives to build successful strategies.Marketing Calendar: Maintain and update the marketing calendar, ensuring alignment with business objectives, monitoring deadlines, and communicating updates to VP of Ops and Strategy.CRM Software: Updating, maintaining and utilizing customer relationship management software (currently HubSpot) for marketing initiatives.
Office Responsibilities:
Event Planning: Assist in planning and organizing office events, and meetings. Coordinate logistics, such as venue booking, catering, and attendee arrangements.Office Management: Maintain office supplies inventory, order supplies as needed, and ensure office equipment is in working order. Coordinate with vendors and service providers for office maintenance and repairs.Continuous Improvement: Identify opportunities for process improvements and efficiency enhancements in office operations. Implement best practices and streamline workflows to optimize productivity.Ad Hoc Support: Provide additional support and assistance to employees and management as needed, demonstrating flexibility and adaptability in fulfilling job duties.
Qualifications: Bachelor’s degree in marketing, business, or related field.Minimum of two years of marketing/office coordinator experience. Equivalent education and experience may be substituted.Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite (InDesign, Illustrator, and Acrobat).Ability to work collaboratively with cross-functional teams.Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite.Strong organizational skills to manage multiple projects simultaneously, prioritize tasks, and meet deadlines.Creative thinking ability to develop engaging marketing campaigns and content that resonate with target audiences.Excellent business writing, editing and proofreading skills. Must communicate professionally, both orally and in writing.Experience using customer relationship management software, preferably HubSpot.Professional effectiveness and credibility.Notary certified or willingness to become certified. 
Work Environment and Physical Demands:This job operates in a professional office environment in the fun and upbeat LoHi neighborhood with Little Owl Coffee in the building. Participate in team events such as an annual summer boat day, ski trip, volunteer events, and weekly breakfast club! This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as computers, phones, photocopiers, filing cabinets, and scanners. Some travel may be required.
Compensation:$55,000-$75,000/year
