JOB TITLE: Economic Development and Planning Intern

Job summary:The Economic Development & Planning Intern will provide valuable support to the Economic Development & Planning team, with a specific focus on urban planning and transportation initiatives during the upcoming summer semester. This role is ideal for a local graduate or undergraduate student with a keen interest in economic development, city planning, and a passion for contributing to the growth of a vibrant downtown community.
Responsibilities/Essential Functions:Support the Planning & Transportation Manager and DRA Economic Development &Planning team in major planning and advocacy initiatives, such as the ongoing Downtown Economic Development Strategy.Assist in coordination efforts related to transportation planning and major downtownprojects such Raleigh’s first Bus Rapid Transit line.Contribute to the creation of reports, including the annual State of Downtown andquarterly market reports.Assist in data collection, analysis, and maintenance of downtown data.Support small business and retail recruitment programs.Participate in stakeholder meetings and community engagement efforts.
Qualifications:Currently enrolled in a graduate or undergraduate program with a focus on urbanplanning, economics, business, research, public administration, geography,sustainability, or related field.Strong interest in economic development, city planning, and community revitalization.Excellent analytical and research skills, with a keen eye for detail.Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite and data analysis tools.Effective communication skills, both written and verbal.
Benefits:Gain hands-on experience in economic development and city planning.Work closely with a dynamic and experienced team of economic development andplanning professionals.Networking opportunities with local stakeholders and professionals.Compensation for your contributions
Physical Requirements:Prolonged periods sitting at a desk and working on a computer.Must be able to lift up to 15 pounds at times.Must be able to access various departments of a given location.
Position Environment: This is an in-person role, with the candidate reporting to the Downtown Raleigh Alliance offices at 333 Fayetteville Street, Suite 1150, Raleigh NC. Office space will be provided onsite at DRA and the intern may also be in the field providing support to our Downtown Raleigh community. DRA will provide parking for regular or required on-site work. DRA will also provide the option of transit passes for regular or on-site work. Travel outside of periodic travel to and from Downtown Raleigh and the DRA office will not be required of this position.
Other duties:Please note this job description is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that are required of the employee for this job. Duties, responsibilities and activities may change at any time with or without notice.
Compensation:This position is a temporary, part-time position, at approximately 12 to 20 hours a week and limited to a maximum 14-week term, aligned with the summer university calendar. Anticipated pay range is $14 - $20 an hour commensurate with qualifications and prior experience. This position is non-exempt and not eligible for benefits at DRA.
How to Apply:Please submit your resume and cover letter highlighting your interest in economic development and planning to marysell@downtownraleigh.org. Applications will be accepted until Monday, May 6th. Interviews will be scheduled on a rolling basis.
EEO statement: We are an equal employment opportunity employer and do not discriminate against any person because of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, political affiliation, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, age, disability, genetic information, or other reasons prohibited by law (referred to as "protected status"). This nondiscrimination and opportunity policy extends to employment, use of all company facilities, membership, board service and leadership, volunteerism, participation in any of the organizations programs or services and all employment actions such as promotions, compensation, benefits and termination of employment.
